Project Plan
A data set was obtained from data.world(https://data.world/timothyrenner/bfro-sightings-data) - a datatset that Timothy Renner obtained by datascrapping the BRFO website. A secondary dataset was pulled from kaggle which was supposed to contain a list of 19,439 restaurants and similar businesses with menu items containing "burrito" or "taco" in their names. Data was to be cleaned and analyzed for geographical similarities in locations - between the datasets and within the bigfoot sightings.
Machine learning would be used to find patterns in the bigfoot sightings, and all locations would be mapped. Questions to be answered included:
Can bigfoot sightings be predicted based on historical data?
Are there similarities in bigfoot sighting hotspots and taco locations?
Issues that arose through data exploration:
Bigfoot sighting data comes from self-reporting from not-biologists. 
Many sightings were reported long after the "sighting" occured - sometimes years. 
Most of the "taco" data was anything but tacos.
 
Preparing the data


Results
There are reported bigfoot sightings in every state in the US aside from Hawaii. Non-chain taco establishments can probably be found in every state in the US, though my list did not have any that made the cut in Alaska, North Dakota, South Dakota, or Vermont. The inital maching learning algorithm could not make predicitions on bigfoot sighting locations more accurate than 52%(slightly better than a coin flip), and refining the data to only include the "Class A" sightings, listed on the brfo website as:
Class A reports involve clear sightings in circumstances where misinterpretation or misidentification of other animals can be ruled out with greater confidence. For example, there are several footprint cases that are very well documented. These are considered Class A reports, because misidentification of common animals can be confidently ruled out, thus the potential for misinterpretation is very low.
dropped accuracy to 11%.
Attempts to visually identify possible migration patterns by color coding the sighting data based on season were all unimpressive, resulting in a colorful mismosh with no pattern discernable to the human eye.